To DO LIst
Higher
robotController
vertical or horizontal make arrow so that it knows the direction
scroll screen
On collision it shifts 
Grid snap to grid

Documentation

BLE android - can't be tested
For loop implementation


https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jfedor.nxtremotecontrol&hl=en
Bluetooth - low energy power - both android and ios

recording feature

making block diagram robot
Move
rotate
speak 
(long press will give options or delete?)
NXT android - open source
















multiplication - done
one activitiy - five acts (get right) - one no - zero - doone
and display result after that. - done
background + graphics + mutiplication - done (graphics?)

Kinect - 



for subtraction the first should not be smaller


sound enable

youtube - toDoMath


Dice or color the one that is selected - used arrow


if time
check the force (or distance)





math game split into two screen
enable and disable speech on google
if bluetooth -> robot chooses second one
show card

----------------
wheel or card lists
card list swipe it to make it see different lists



Use android speech api into unity

Extra:
- Math Game(?)
Board that you (swipe it) flicks and choose a number
and you do that again to choose another number
and he figures out what number goes in
Done Lists
5. Two people game (display two scores) - DONE
2. End Game Screen (after bug fix) - Done but need more
4. when click back go back to menu - Done
6. State - Mode(Easy, medium, hard), In rest or playing - kinda implemented
7. Upside down DOne
3. Change design - simple - check needed
1. Implment communication - need more talk to Hae

Jan 26
3. Don¡¯t worry about the graphics, but it seems there¡¯s some shadow casted on the card images that makes them look very dark. Please check. - Done make it brighter

2. Please reduce the animation effect to a minimum or something very simple. It¡¯s very slow and long right now. - Check with Hae

4. Fonts need to be much larger - Yes

5. ¡°back¡± doesn¡¯t work when in the result display screen. - Fixed


Jan 28.
6. Background color changes when turn changes. For example, from RGBA(191,228,118,1) to (253,202,162,1)  to know who is playing - Looks weird
2. Keep orientaion horizontal - make card bigger, font bigger (start screen bigger)

3. Disney (cars ) design
4.Meeting Next Monday
Jan 31.
1. Implemnt States - send data on each turn of cards
7. Bluetooth Integration
Feb
1. Make icon
2. if go back from winning - go back to play
Feb 2
5. card to horizontal direction

3. if bluetooth connection is not enabled boolean has to be false

Feb 11

7. Google speech recognition look into it


12. How to incorporate google speech api (look into it)
9. Input players Name - reverted 
10. Saving scores to certain folder and win count as well to do 11. - reverted
11. Diplay how many times a certain players win EX) S 2: 1 A - reverted
8. Background color stuff - make menu that does it - reverted
6. PC Bluetooth server C++ - done in java


March 11

go back during game
just list 5 cards with answer so that we can do a lot more

seperate menu for multiplication, addition, division, subtraction

Pop up menu

rotate that to 36 so that 1 is on the top
RANDOMize on (72, 144, 216, 288, 360 )+ 360 on all


April 3
CardGame with always bluetooth on it
gives points to whoever have first come - first serve
anything on touch will get P1 score
and anything on bluetooth will get P2 score
robot sends two data first card and second card

whether robot chooses first card, child can choose second card
same thing with child.

April 18
reduce the size, but propornal to window size